[wasi] Basic usage docs (#100354)
dotnet/runtime: src/mono/wasi/README.md

This directory contains a build configuration for WASI support, plus a basic sample. This is not intended for production use, nor is it currently supported. This is a step towards possible future support.

## Try it out

> Here is a quick overview of how to consume published artifacts. Assuming .NET SDK is already installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a quick overview of how to consume published artifacts. Assuming .NET SDK is already installed, you should run:
```

```
dotnet workload install wasi-experimental
```

This will install workload for building .NET based WASI apps + basic template.
Now you can create a new .NET application that targets WASI

```
dotnet new wasiconsole
```

And run it with

```
dotnet run
```

> The `runtimeconfig.template.json` contains `perHostConfig` section where wasm host's can be configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `runtimeconfig.template.json` contains `perHostConfig` section where wasm hosts can be configured
```

### Wasi SDK

The workload for the time being doesn't include Wasi SDK, which is responsible for native compilation.

> If don't need to modify runtime configuration, you can omit this step, but once get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't need to modify runtime configuration, you can omit this step. In case you get:
```

```
error : Could not find wasi-sdk. Either set $(WASI_SDK_PATH), or use workloads to get the sdk. SDK is required for building native files.
```

> You will need to separately download a WASI SDK from https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-sdk and point an environment variable `WASI_SDK_PATH` or MSBuild property `WasiSdkRoot` to a location where you extract it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you will need to separately download a WASI SDK from https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-sdk and point an environment variable `WASI_SDK_PATH` or MSBuild property `WasiSdkRoot` to a location where you extract it.
```

### Optional build flags

> - `WasmSingleFileBundle` - bundle all assets into the `.wasm`. The output file name will match the project name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `WasmSingleFileBundle` - bundle all assets into the `.wasm`. The output file name will match the project name.
```

> - `InvariantGlobalization` - remove globalization support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `InvariantGlobalization` - remove globalization support, decrease the publish size.
```

> - More details can be found in https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/src/mono/wasm/build/WasmApp.Common.targets and https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/src/mono/wasi/build/WasiApp.targets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- More details can be found at https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/src/mono/wasm/build/WasmApp.Common.targets and https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/src/mono/wasi/build/WasiApp.targets
```
